and there could be a possible concession
in the war in Gaza the US News website
axios is reporting that Israel has
offered Hamas a two-month break in the
fighting in exchange for the release of
all hostages still being held in Gaza
the report comes as Palestinians say the
city of Han yunes has endured the worst
bombardment since the start of the war
the Hamas ran Health Ministry in Gaza
says at least 50 people have been killed
and more than 100 wounded several
countries classify Hamas as a terrorist
organization smoke billows over gaza's
southern city of khun as Israel's
military continues its bombing campaign
it's latest strike forcing dozens of the
Wounded into hospitals that are
overwhelmed and underresourced children
and babies are among those injured or
killed doctors say they're struggling to
treat
patients I'm telling you the hospital is
on the brink of collapse we all are
we're running out of medical staff and
supplies nothing is reaching us there's
nothing in the hospital to treat
patients with no painkillers no
anesthetics no medical
resources Israel's military has been
focusing its offensive on the southern
city where its battles against Hamas
Fighters are
intensifying explosions and gunfire echo
through the refugee camps in the Gaza
strip most of the population have had to
move more than once to find
safety where do we go this is the 17th
time I've left my home where am I
supposed to go to Rafa Rafa is just one
street what do they want from us do they
expect 2.3 million people to live in an
area that's no wider than 200 M and
can't be longer than
kilometer pressure is mounting on
Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu after he rejected terms
offered by Hamas to end the war in Gaza
in exchange for the release of hostages
there and opposed the creation of an
independent Palestinian
State and relatives of Israeli hostages
in Gaza disrupted a parliamentary
committee meeting calling for their
loved ones to be
freed this comes as EU leaders meet in
Brussel to discuss the situation in Gaza
and what will happen after the war while
there are deep divisions on calling for
a ceasefire many including the eu's
foreign policy Chief still think
establishing a two-state solution is the
only way
forward I think that we have to stop
talking about the peace the peace
process and start talking more
concretely about the two State solution
process because piece could be many
different pieces what kind of a piece
you're talking about so let's talk about
what we want to do all we want to do is
to build a two-state solution meanwhile
in Gaza many are trying to find a place
that's not under siege in order to bury
their loved ones as the number of
casualties and displaced people
continues to
[Music]
rise let's get across to Jerusalem where
journalist Sami Sak is following
developments for us Asami we heard in
our report there that Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected
uh hamas's conditions for an agreement
to release more hostages how does he
intend to achieve this goal
instead yeah well the uh proposals that
Hamas has been suggesting is the end of
the war a full Israeli withdrawal from
the Gaza Strip a release of the
prisoners that were engaged in the
attacks on the 7th of
October netan was saying that Israel
cannot accept this and instead he has
been offering his proposals now this
proposal does not mean the end of the
war but rather a cease fire that would
last some 60 days and during this ceas
fire the Israeli troops will withdraw
from some areas of the Gaza Strip they
will be some movement towards the North
and at the same time Hamas will be
releasing hostages in the stages and
Israel on its side will be releasing
some Palestinian
prisoners and and where do the families
of the hostages believe to be held in
Gaza fit in here uh what do we want as
we as as we've seen in that report many
of them are extremely frustrated with
the Israeli government's efforts so
far yeah yes indeed what the families
are saying is that they don't believe
that netan is actually putting the
question of the hostages as a priority
and that Netanyahu sees the continuation
of the war his campaign against Hamas to
destroy Hamas to destroy the
capabilities of Hamas as being his main
goal and they feel that there is a kind
of a
contradiction because release of
prisoners needs a a a kind of a thief
fire it needs a release of Palestinian
prisoners and so forth they're not going
into the exact details of what should be
the form of this kind of agreement with
Hamas but they're saying that the
Israeli government is not prioritizing
the topic they went into the ceset
yesterday and what they were seeing is
that the finance committee is kind of
business as usual and they're saying
that the knesset is not prioritizing the
issue of the release of the hostages and
so the the other institutions of the
state of Israel are not putting it
number one and Sammy I'd like to take a
quick look at Israel's military
operations in Gaza Before I Let You Go
uh Israeli forces have pushed deeper
into the city of Han yunes can you tell
us a little bit more about the fighting
there yeah well first of all I want to
come out with the news that has come out
from the Gaza Strip which is the H death
of 21 Israeli soldiers in a massive
explosion that took place in the area
which is Al the border between Israel
and the Gaza Strip we're talking about
an area that is a perimeter within the
Gaza Strip where the Israeli military is
creating a perimeter by destroying homes
and houses all along the Gaza Street and
in one of these
building they put
explosives in order to blow it up and
there were a solders still inside the
building when it was mined and this
building was attacked by a Palestinian
Hamas Fighters with an RPG and this
brought about a massive explosion
Israel is seeing its biggest disaster
during this war with 21 soldiers being
killed thank you so much for bringing us
up to speed there that is a journalist
Sammy SLE in
Jerusalem